# CS320_SNHU

My approach to designing software begins with collecting requirements in some form. Whether that be interviewing the client, doing market research, or asking questions after reviewing the materials for classwork, I make a step-by-step list of requirements that serve as the plan of action. They will be organized into tasks which create a part of the program or meet one of the requirements. This is the most important step - making mistakes here will result in a lot of wasted time doing something unnecessary or something that must be changed later. During the development process and afterwards, there is testing. Ongoing testing ensures that small mistakes don't result in a chain of mistakes later that need to be fixed. Final testing is done with less automation, and typically is done as a simulation of and end user trying to use the product.

In this project, the focus was on creating a functional and secure code with the use of automated unit testing in Java. These tests are checked for at least 80% coverage of the classes, and were written to test the class's basic functionality and make sure that a list of requirements are met. They can be run anytime in an instant to be sure that changes and additions to the code do not affect this basic functionality. Every one of the methods was tested, even the class creation method to be sure the class actually is what it's intended to be before performing any other tests on it. Thorough automated testing like this, where every detail is checked even if one might assume it is given to be correct, makes sure that the program is secure.
